[DOCS] Mark freeze API as deprecated (#72946)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/indices/apis/freeze.asciidoc

<titleabbrev>Freeze index</titleabbrev>
++++

> deprecated::[8.0, Frozen indices are no longer useful due to https://www.elastic.co/blog/significantly-decrease-your-elasticsearch-heap-memory-usage[recent improvements in heap memory utilization]]

Reviewer: Two nits: I think the deprecation release is actually 7.14. I'd also use `usage` instead of `utilization`.
```suggestion
deprecated::[7.14, Frozen indices are no longer useful due to https://www.elastic.co/blog/significantly-decrease-your-elasticsearch-heap-memory-usage[recent improvements in heap memory usage]]
```
